look   fo target   audience  .
how to    find   problems   : 
“How do I”
“How do you”
“Sucks”
“Can’t seem to”     -  keywords   on  internet   .  

look  for   existing   solutions.
listen   deeply .  dont   check   your    hypotheses  only   but   also   listen 
and   try to  generate   hypotheses based  on  them.


...production    level   code  : 
the  code  has  to   be   :
understandable    
scalable 
so   rules   :
1  good   names   
2 class  -  noun
3 function -   verb
4 searchable 
5 dry
6 solution domain   name  and   not  algorithm  name  or  cs terminology
7 functions   have to  be  small
8 max   3   aruguments   in function    
9 too   much  of  comments  is   a bad thing
10 keep   your  data   private 
11 error  handling
12 security  
13 make   classes  small
14  make   modules   independable  (isolation  of   changes )

***
development process : planning, design, coding, testing, and deployment.
A software development project team requires a project manager, a business analyst, UX and UI designers, front-end and back-end developers, QA and DevOps engineers. Depending on the project’s nature, additional talents can be required, e.g., data scientists, 3D designers.

Once I wrote down all the features I would want to make the experience truly unique, I set out to finalise a tech stack. I needed the following attributes:

Easy to Scale and Deploy
A Good ORM with a strong API and support for formatted output on Raw Queries.
React on the frontend (it’s 2021 or 2022 by the time you read this)
Excellent SEO Support
PWA Support
Admin tools that were served separately from the main website
Social Authentication
GitHub Integration so that users can link their repositories.
For each requirement I put together a list of possible technologies/frameworks.

The Stack
Frontend: Next.js
Backend: Express.js
Database: PostgreSQL with Sequelize ORM
Admin Tools: react-admin
DevOps: GitHub Actions, Vercel CLI and Docker
Hosting:
AWS EC2 (Backend)
Vercel (Both Frontends)


........

Designing and Prototypes
Developing
Synchronization
Testing
Launching


..https://www.scnsoft.com/software-development/build-a-software
Key 8 steps to software development
Create a requirements specification.
Prepare a project plan.
Design UX and UI.
Architect the software.
Code the solution.
Establish integrations.
Run rigorous testing.
Set the ready solution live.

.........





